doc(release) Release notes for web 24.10.3 (#3919)
centreon/centreon-documentation: i18n/fr/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/version-24.10/releases/centreon-os.mdx

- [API] Added missing configuration change logs for host template configuration.
- [API] Added missing configuration change logs for host severities configuration.
- [API] Added missing configuration change logs for service severities configuration.
- [Configuration] Improved the tooltip for Broker's Unified SQL output.
- [Dashboards] Added meta-services to metric widgets (Single metric, Metrics graph, Top/Bottom).
- [Install] Added 24.10 support for unattended script.
- [Library - view by card] Added a thumbnail that shows a snapshot of your data, taken when the dashboard is saved.

</details>

<details>
  <summary>Bug fixes</summary>

- [ACC] Fixed an issue with ACC where configuration files were not copied to the central server.
- [Authentication] Fixed an issue preventing LDAP users with more than one email address to log in to Centreon.
- [Custom Views] Fixed an issue with how the edit widget pencil icon was displayed.
- [Custom Views] Fixed an issue preventing some filters from functioning in the "Hostgroup monitoring" and "Host monitoring" widgets.
- [Downtimes] The action details column now displays the correct information in the Action Log page.

> - [Dashboards][Widgets] In the resource selection fields, services containing a slash ("/") in their name no longer trigger an error

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Dashboards][Widgets] In the resource selection fields, services containing a slash ("/") in their name no longer trigger an error.
```

## Centreon Web

### 24.10.3

Release date: `December 19, 2024`

<details open>
  <summary>Enhancements</summary>

- [API] Added missing configuration change logs for timeperiods configuration.
- [API] Added missing configuration change logs for host template configuration.
- [API] Added missing configuration change logs for host severities configuration.
- [API] Added missing configuration change logs for service severities configuration.

> - [Configuration] Improved the tooltip for Broker's Unify SQL output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Configuration] Improved the tooltip for Broker's Unified SQL output.
```

> - [Dashboards] Added meta-services to metric widgets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Dashboards] Added meta-services to metric widgets (Single metric, Metrics graph, Top/Bottom).
```

> - [Install] Added 24.10 support to unattended script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Install] Added 24.10 support for unattended script.
```

> - [Library - view by card] Added thumbnail, that show a snapshot of your data, taken when the dashboard is saved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Library - view by card] Added a thumbnail that shows a snapshot of your data, taken when the dashboard is saved.
```

</details>

<details>
  <summary>Bug fixes</summary>

> - [ACC] Fixed an issue on ACC where .json file was not deployed in case of a central Poller.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ACC] Fixed an issue with ACC where configuration files were not copied to the central server.
```

- [Authentication] Fixed an issue preventing LDAP users with more than one email address to log in to Centreon.
- [Custom Views] Fixed an issue with how the edit widget pencil icon was displayed.

> - [Custom Views] Fixed issue preventing some filters from functioning in the Hostgroup monitoring widget.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Custom Views] Fixed an issue preventing some filters from functioning in the "Hostgroup monitoring" and "Host monitoring" widgets.
```

> - [Custom Views] Fixed issue preventing some filters from functioning in the "Host monitoring" widget.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - [Downtimeas] Fixed an issue on actions details column in Action Log.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Downtimes] The action details column now displays the correct information in the Action Log page.
```

> - [Services] Fixed issue with service names containing a slash ("/") in their name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Dashboards][Widgets] In the resource selection fields, services containing a slash ("/") in their name no longer trigger an error
```

</details>

<details>
  <summary>Security fixes</summary>

> - [Security] Fixed an issue on virtual metric's RPN field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Security] Fixed an issue on virtual metrics' RPN field.
```
